Title: Why you should watch a Kids show


Script and plan:
[Start off with clips of cartoons, Unicorn Academy, PJ Masks, Paw patrol, My little pony, Anything else that you like!]

[Keep playing it in the background but mute it]

When you saw that clip, what did you think? Nostalgic? Heartfelt? Happy?
I actually bet that 90% of you did NOT say anything like that, most people probably have gotten bored, or ‘cringed’ at the clip. Now, I am assuming that you all, are between 13 and 18, teenagers, but this video will still be informative to people outside of this age range, talking to you adults and kids here!
This video will be structured like a research article or paper, with a rationale, research question, analysis, and conclusion. Reference list in the description, along with all the shows, music, etc.
And by the way, a research paper is basically what a professional writes in order to prove a hypothesis, obviously I am no professional, but I did do some research. Most of you probably have or will do a research paper as an assignment/assessment in science in at least year 8.

Anyways, without further ado, let’s get started!

[Introduction, a title of Why you should watch a Kids show]

I’ve recently watched a TV show, or cartoon, on Netflix. It’s called Unicorn Academy, and I think, it’s ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! I first watched the first season near late November, about nearly a month after it was first released and aired on Netflix, found it on my starting recommendations, lucky me I guess.

This has inspired me to make this video, I really think that more teenagers these days could use a bit of cartoons, but I will go over this in a little more detail soon, after the reasoning, but we need to get onto the “rationale” of this video.

Why am I making this video? I will explain this in more detail at the conclusion actually, this is typically terrible in a research paper to do, but this is a video, I think I want to say this to the people who actually watch the video, so stay tuned for it! But in a broad explanation, I think more teenagers, and possibly adults, should watch cartoons and kids shows, I did say Unicorn Academy Inspired this video, which is completely true, I loved that show and its message, I really recommend you to watch that show; if you don’t know what show to watch, more recommendations before the conclusion as well! 
Most of us as kids, I would say, have watched at least 1 cartoon, I still remember the good old days where I loved ABC kids, then I started watching ABC Me, those are channels in my TV, I haven’t watched live TV in so long! I kind of want to watch some now. Those days were nostalgic, I loved watching shows like Twirlywoos, classic, and PJ Masks, watching cartoons actually taught me English!

It looks like that cartoons have many benefits, which I certainly think it does, but to find that out, we need to ask the following Research Question:

Research Question: How does the power of cartoons improve general things in teenagers, kids, and adults?!

Analysis: Now this part is the analysis, but instead of a traditional analysis (since this is a video, of course), I will name features and main benefits of the cartoons, along with evidence!

1.	Relieves stress
Now, this point basically means that cartoons let you “escape”, like escape a harsh reality. But keep in mind, it isn’t necessarily bad to escape once in a while, like once a day, and cartoons are a good way to escape, don’t be the type of person that uses things like vapes and stuff to escape, that’s just bad.

When I watched Unicorn Academy, I cried many times, most noticeably at the end of season/chapter 2, it was so amazing! Honestly, these positive messages that Unicorn Academy has really shows teenagers these days what being a good person is all about, kindness, friendship, love, common themes of cartoons these days and back in the day.

Cartoons are great at making us feel less lonely and makes us smile [gentle tone here]. Laughter has so many benefits, same with smiling, these include stimulating organs, activating and relieving the stress response of the body, soothes tension, improves our immune system, relieves pain, increases personal satisfaction, and lastly but not leastly, improves out mood!


(Dream Farm Studios!)
 

2.	Emotional Resonance and Empathy.
One of the most significant parts of animation is the fact that it can control our emotions. As the viewers, we often experience a range of emotions throughout the show, that the writers and animators wanted. Cartoon characters are often faced with various challenges, triumphs, and setbacks. The way the characters, well… Mostly the protagonist, but also many side characters, walk through their amazing story, leaves us with many emotions. But what does this mean for us the viewer you may ask? Well, researchers have actually found out that certain regions of the brain responsible for having empathy, such as the anterior insula and mirror neurons, are activated when we watch characters in cartoons express certain emotions. This leads to an “emotional resonance” where we are able to feel joy, sadness, fear, or excitement with the characters, probably many more emotions too! This emotional bond strengthens our connection to the story, emotionally, leading to a more memorable and immersive story. Now, I am assuming that these emotions (that are good of course), carry on outside of the cartoon

 


3.	Nostalgia…
I’m sure that we’ve all seen a good cartoon before in our lives, especially in our childhoods, again, for me, I really like cartoons and I will name a few. I grew up as a little kid watching “Boonie Bears”, this is really popular in the area where I live in, I feel nostalgic from it! Next on the list is the entire ABC Kids channel, and all past shows basically, I watched channel 22 as a kid in Australia, my dad said that channels 22 and 23 had great kids shows! I enjoyed many shows for kids like Twirlywoos, my personal favourite at the time, story time, I didn’t really like Play School, but I find it nostalgic now, I then loved PJ Masks, another personal favourite now at the time, and nostalgic! I can name so many shows, Octonauts, Hey Duggee, Peppa Pig, Ben and Holly’s little Kingdom, Shaun the Sheep, so many! I do remember going to this ABC Kids convention as a kid in year 3 I think, where I saw the main host, I think that’s his role, Jimmy Giggle, I remember how I was one of the OLDEST ones there! Yeah, a year 3 being one of the oldest kids at the ABC Kids convention. I then went and grew up to like year 3 and 4 and started watching ABC ME more, a TV channel for more of an older audience, older kids and early teenagers. I loved many shows there too, like Slugterra, pretty sure that stopped development which is pretty sad, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was also a good one, but I really liked Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug and Cat Noir, I know a lot of you know this one, these 2 superheros, I think this is one of the only shows back in the day in which I still watch now, today! Now as of today, I like many kids Cartoons, like Miraculous, Unicorn Academy, as of now it’s my personal favourite! Watch it! My little Pony, I remember watching a bit of this as a pre-schooler and Kindergartener, but now I am rewatching it, and Monster High!

Now, you just heard me yap a crazy amount of good TV shows, I would actually like to hear you guys yap too in the comments, since this will be my first “Official Video” on Youtube, I can probably respond to many comments! I don’t think there will be many people watching this video, but like, it doesn’t matter much, I am happy to hear your guys’ opinions on kids TV’s that make you nostalgic, happy, and entertained, maybe this video will inspire you to watch a kids show, hopefully it does! That’s my goal! This section really made me nostalgic, you should find some shows that make you nostalgic too!
 
4.	Creativity boost
Ok I really like this one, animation actually encourages us to think outside the box, the artists and writers will get new ideas and expand their imaginations to tell abstract and strange stories and ideas, it shows us a new magical fantastical world where we have never seen before… 
“Animation introduces us to magical worlds and Universes we never thought our imagination could travel to.”
 

I personally love this quote so much, it’s true, if you watch animation then you would know, I love fantasy, we experience a different world when we’re reading compared to animation, although reading is good too! All these colours, who wouldn’t love these! Give animation a chance please.

5.	Important lesson
Honestly, I cannot stress about how important this is to teenagers these days, sometimes I think that some, very few people, don’t have much empathy, they don’t think before they speak. Every cartoon has a moral in their show, with My little Pony’s being Friendship, Miraculous Ladybug’s being Teamwork, and never back down in the face of adversity, and a little courage! I honestly think teenagers these days should relearn some important cartoon lessons, stereotypically, a lot of people scroll on social media, I honestly think this stereotype is super real, it’s scary how realistic it is with the rise of TikTok and stuff, I am pretty sure about 80% of kids in my grade have Snapchat, and they are only about halfway through high school. I can’t imagine how bad it would be to spend your entire day on your phone, globally, teenagers spend about 7 hours and 22 minutes on their phones each day! I have just checked mine and it’s only about 1 hour and 9 minutes, because I’ve set a 30-minute time limit on Youtube each day. 

I hope that I am not the only one with a lower screen time on average, hopefully at least one of you guys have a screen time of about 1 or 2 hours only. Most students end school at around 3 in the afternoon, they start at around 8 in the morning, that is spending nearly every hour of your time outside school, awake, on your phone, which is absolutely insane. I am just going to straight up assume that whatever you all are doing with that 7 hour screen time is not productive.
Now back to the important lesson, after watching a really good TV show, do you ever get this kind of feeling where you are kind of melancholic about it ending, but happy it happened, happy you found it and watched it, this feeling is so rare but insane at the same time. I recently finished watching Unicorn Academy Chapter 2 over my holidays in Europe, I was literally lying in bed staring at the roof, staring at a wall, just thinking, how good it was. After that, I absorbed the lesson and moral of the show, Friendship, and following your heart!

So this means, you can experience this too, you don’t necessarily have to watch Unicorn Academy, you can watch any cartoon to your heart’s content! I will have some recommendations soon, for all of you!


 

6.	Just… Becoming a better person in general.
I know teenagers are not the most mature people there is, I don’t think I’ve matured enough either, but when I look at some people in my grade, I think I’m an old man by now 😁. With all these amazing Role Models in the show (hopefully), a great message, and great colour schemes and maybe awesome fantastical elements in cartoons, you will certainly learn more about your values. Now, don’t think I am an expert in this field, but you do have to find people who align with your values in a partner, this is important in dating because finding someone who, let’s say hates physical books, while you love physical books, won’t work out well in most situations, of course that example was bad, but keep in mind friendships also should have people with similar values being friends. Ok, an actual example from a book now.
I’ve recently read the entire first Hunger Games book of about 450 pages, I enjoyed the book, but the protagonist, her values are family as her most important value, her friend Gale is basically a brother to her, and she risks her life for her own little sister Primrose.
Watching cartoons can help you learn examples of values, attitudes, and beliefs. You might learn about values, attitudes, and beliefs in English at school, but basically it’s a character’s personality traits.
I think watching a few cartoons has made me a bit more caring, I learnt perspective from watching Unicorn Academy, not just the basics like 1 person thinks this way but another disagrees; I saw an example of 2 perspectives of 2 characters, 1 who values friendship most, and one who values family most, it wasn’t the best example, as I heard not many people got why this person did this, I don’t really want to describe it as it’s a huge spoiler, but it’s in episode 6 if you ever want to watch it!
If you really want to learn quick things, I suggest My Little Pony, seriously. Twilight Sparkle, the protagonist, learns something new every episode, 1 episode she learns how 2 different can easily get along, another she learns about kindness, the episodes guide you through the moral in a very entertaining and cute way!
Cartoons also improve attention and memory, and basically cognitive skills.
If you want to be a better and more likeable person, I genuinely think kids shows and cartoons will help you a lot!

7.	More Family time
Last but not least, I think that Television is a great way to bring families together, something that the entire family can watch is surely a good old’ cartoon, it’s family friendly! Just listen to an example, I will play the intro again! [Play the intro again]. I love cartoons (if I didn’t make it clear already!). My parents don’t really want to watch cartoons with me, and I am an only child, so not everyone gets this benefit unfortunately, family time is important to take care of your family, I will share how I learnt the hard way of this lesson, this is a bit personal which is why I will save it for the conclusion. Now, I challenge you all, yes, the viewer, to ask someone in your family, anyone, a parent, sibling, or even a friend, to watch a cartoon with you, any cartoon, I will give you some recommendations just before the conclusion of some great cartoons! With family, you won’t feel alone, you’ll gain a stronger bond with your friends or family and have better mental health, which is something a lot of us struggle with, me included! I cannot stress about the impacts of mental health, a lot of you have never experienced being depressed, having bipolar, or feeling anxious all the time. Some of you will down the line, hopefully not, but some of you have had or are currently having a mental health disorder, I feel bad for you, genuinely. I have never gone to the doctors to test for a mental health disorder, but I plan on doing so. Remember, seek help if you need to, no problem is so big it’s unsolvable, I will leave a few resources in the description if you need it. Sorry for the big fuss but I think it’s necessary. But again, many important things in family time, naming a few right now. Greater life satisfaction, greater emotional intelligence, that also comes from cartoons too, helping kids deal with insecurities and fears, and increasing life expectancy. But again, this is one of those points where it certainly won’t apply to everyone, not just because nobody in your family wants to watch a cartoon (hint hint, show them this video!), but also because your family isn’t that stable. Now, I am really sorry for bringing up topics like this, I have personally had no issues regarding family, but I know people who do. My mother said that her father was a really bad parent, I don’t want to go into any detail. I also know this girl who said her mother was really bad as well, and I don’t want to go in detail about that either. I feel sorry for any of you guys experiencing anything like this as well, sorry. Sorry for ending this one on a bad list, but we are going to do something fun now!

Analysing a cartoon song.

Ok, we’re going to analyse a song I personally like from Unicorn academy, yeah. It’s called “There’s A Light” and it’s probably my favourite song in the show, and that’s saying something. This song is an “I want” song, basically a song where the protagonist, mostly, feels unsatisfied with their current life and is longing for more… I won’t analyse the whole song, just the important parts. If you like this section, let me know if I should analyse a whole episode of a show, let me know in the comments if you are interested in me yapping on about “this” show and its features. I might not entirely do Unicorn Academy, maybe another show or multiple! But I certainly can analyse! I think my next video will probably be analysing 2 perspectives, using values, attitudes, and beliefs, basically knowing 2 people’s perspectives in the story. But anyways, sorry for yapping on about random stuff here we go!
[Violin/flute intro on the book scene with a sigh]
Ok, that scene sets the mood, tone, and atmosphere of the song, a sad, melancholic and desolate setting, there’s some new words for your next English assessment or exam. The musicians are working with the animators in this scene to make it sad. Notice how she only really has a lamp on? Not just because it’s night, but because it’s to lower the lighting in the scene to only focus on the subject. Reducing lighting is a film technique to make scenes appear sad, this makes the background a bit more black and grey, often humans associate that with sadness. The violin/flute riff is also supposed to be slow and sad!

 

Look at this shot, the lighting is here again, shining down on the subjects, leaving out the background.

[0:45 sparkle thing]
Did you hear that? It sounds like discovery.

[0:56]
She just stated her I want, a little humour there too!
[1:03]
Ok I have no experience in film, but I do know some stuff, still not an expert though. Shooting stars symbolise things, objects also show the viewer many things. Shooting stars often symbolise change and a wish coming true, this is correlating to her I want song.

[1:12] Ok from that scene, what was she thinking? Like literally, not that she did something bad. Also her name’s Sophia by the way, Sophia Mendoza. I will just call her Sophia. So there is this gently magical piano tune, then it grows louder and adds notes. And by the way, who doesn’t love a good night sky, I want less light pollution so that we can actually see the night sky! No Wonder Sophia looked over the barn. Based on her facial expressions, she has just discovered something, she touches her necklace, by the way I don’t want to spoil that because it has a really good meaning. Stars are basically the motif of the show, the special symbol! She then makes a determined face.

[2:52]
Throughout the song, she says the has a dream of what could be, what is this dream? Her destiny for something bigger, like her dad said. You will have to watch the show to find out!

[3:01]
Who am I meant to be? That’s a powerful yet subtle message in this song, she doesn’t know who she is and she is currently going through the thing known as the hero’s journey, this is a storytelling technique used in many stories, you will learn it in year 8. But basically, there are 12 hours, and she is going through hour 2, the “call to adventure” phase.

[Play the last few parts of the song!]
This song is great, listen to the whole thing if you can! I will link it in the description.
But that was a short analysis of the song, let me know if you want more detailed analysis of the whole song!

Great Cartoons to watch!

Ok, so I’ve said that my personal favourite was Unicorn Academy, and that’s true, the graphics were amazing, compared to those of a decade ago. I really like the message, this is for a bit of an older audience to enjoy, because of some complex things like character perspectives, but I might make another video going over that! So Yes, I COMPLETELY recommend Unicorn Academy, it’s an amazing show with so many great messages, each character has their own unique personality that you can look up to, no specific character is perfect which is why the writers and animators and other people who worked on it were able to display role models and messages so well! I recommend this for families, the adults need a show too! I don’t want to yap on about Unicorn Academy forever, so on to the next one!
I like My little Pony too, It’s an amazing kids show for basically all ages, every age will enjoy this show unlike Unicorn academy, where I recommend it to 7+ ages because of complex storytelling. My Little Pony focuses on friendship as the main message and purpose, but also little side messages in each episode! This makes it great for younger audiences to watch. And by the way, just to clarify, I mean older audiences as teenagers, and younger audience as teenagers as well in this context. Anyways, back on topic. I think this show is good for anyone trying to improve themselves and learn important lessons again.
Lastly, (sorry if a show you like isn’t on here, I only have room for 3!) I recommend Miraculous Ladybug. This show is interesting, this will probably entertain older audiences as well, this one has the highest target audience of them all. A lot of action is going on in here, this one is mainly for entertainment. I recommend this to the families again and for audiences older than the previous 2.
Honourable mentions:
Octonauts: For the younger audiences and people interested in the sea!
Monster High: For older audiences and people that like monsters and fantasy!
Kung Fu Panda: I like this show, it’s also action-packed like Miraculous, if you don’t think Miraculous is for you, try this one!
PJ Masks: This is for the younger audiences again, a great action story like Miraculous and Kung Fu Panda, but for younger kids!
Peppa Pig: This is for the youngest of the kids! But I like it too, It’s like Bluey, which is alright too, but it’s a short form video where it teaches kids things, just like My Little Pony, about everyday smarts. Recommended for the younger audience!

Conclusion:

Wow, that was quite the video wasn’t it, thanks for staying along if you truly did stay, it means a lot for my first video! I do have a lot of things I want to say, especially tying the untied knots! But first, we have to conclude the video. In conclusion, cartoons are a great way to just be a better version of yourself, teaching you lessons, creativity boosts, spend more time with family, emotional intelligence and much more! We also analysed a song from Unicorn Academy, the ‘I want’ song. We have answered the research question “How does the power of cartoons improve general things in teenagers, kids, and adults?!” With these facts! I hope you enjoyed the video, but now I have a knot to untie. I did say in the video that I will explain why this video was made in more detail. I am going to be fully honest here, I didn’t really like my life, I never went to test for mental health issues, but I might have some. I found Unicorn Academy last year near the end of November, I actually really liked the show, and when I was on holidays, Unicorn Academy season 2 released, I loved it even more! Back in 2023 though, I wasn’t actually really having any symptoms of mental health issues like bipolar or depression, but over the holidays, I did. I don’t want to make any of you listen to me talk about it, but I found cartoons as a way to cheer me up, I think this video is also a message to people suffering from depression, bipolar, or anxiety. You need to find a way to help yourself, for me, I watched good cartoons as a way to help calm my emotions. You’re never alone… Remember that. I’ve also said how family time is important, yes, I’ve said how I learnt that it’s important, I have a good relationship with my parents, but unfortunately not everyone does, when I had symptoms of mental health issues, my parents were there to help me, and I felt a lot better. But anyways, thank you all so much for watching, it’s literally my first video and I am super grateful that you watched this much, thank you again, and I will probably be back! (Subscribe though!)!

Music: FEWZ - Luna's Vanishing (youtube.com) (such a powerful moment in 2:25 right?!)!
Friendship is Magic - 'Winter Wrap Up' Music Video - YouTube
There's a Light Sing Along! 🎶🦄 Unicorn Academy Karaoke | Cartoons for Kids - YouTube

Research:
https://explodingtopics.com/blog/screen-time-for-teens
https://worldmetrics.org/cartoon-industry-statistics/#:~:text=Statistic%205,in%20the%20U.S.%20are%20adults.%22
https://hound-studio.com/blog/animation-and-neuroscience-understanding-the-psychological-impact-of-cartoons/
https://dreamfarmstudios.com/blog/11-benefits-of-animation-for-kids-adults-you-may-not-have-thought-about/#4_Marketing_Miracle
https://www.hindustantimes.com/lifestyle/relationships/international-day-of-families-12-ways-spending-time-with-family-can-boost-wellbeing-101684077143170.html

Unicorn academy French has 150 likes!!!
12/7/2024, 151 now!
13/07/2024 154!
Theme song French Poursuis tes reves has 330!
14/07/2024 333 overnight!
