Title to be decided but I am thinking it should be:

Why you should watch a Kids show


Script and plan:
[Start off with clips of cartoons, Unicorn Academy, PJ Masks, Paw patrol, My little pony, Anything else that you like!]

[Keep playing it in the background but mute it]

When you saw that clip, what did you think? Nostalgic? Heartfelt? Happy?
I actually bet that 90% of you did NOT say anything like that, most people probably have gotten bored, or ‘cringed’ at the clip. Now, I am assuming that you all, are between 13 and 18, teenagers, but this video will still be informative to people outside of this age range, talking to you adults and kids here!
This video will be structured like a research article or paper, with a rationale, research question, analysis, and conclusion. Reference list in the description, along with all the shows, music, etc.
And by the way, a research paper is basically what a professional writes in order to prove a hypothesis, obviously I am no professional, but I did do some research. Most of you probably have or will do a research paper as an assignment/assessment in science in at least year 8.

Anyways, without further ado, let’s get started!

[Introduction, a title of Why you should watch a Kids show]

I’ve recently watched a TV show, or cartoon, on Netflix. It’s called Unicorn Academy, and I think, it’s ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! I first watched the first season near late November, about nearly a month after it was first released and aired on Netflix, found it on my starting recommendations, lucky me I guess.

This has inspired me to make this video, I really think that more teenagers these days could use a bit of cartoons, but I will go over this in a little more detail soon, after the reasoning, but we need to get onto the “rationale” of this video.

Why am I making this video? I will explain this in more detail at the conclusion actually, this is typically terrible in a research paper to do, but this is a video, I think I want to say this to the people who actually watch the video, so stay tuned for it! But in a broad explanation, I think more teenagers, and possibly adults, should watch cartoons and kids shows, I did say Unicorn Academy Inspired this video, which is completely true, I loved that show and its message, I really recommend you to watch that show if you don’t know what show to watch, more recommendations in the conclusion as well! 
Most of us as kids, I would say, have watched at least 1 cartoon, I still remember the good old days where I loved ABC kids, then I started watching ABC Me, those are channels in my TV, I haven’t watched live TV in so long! I kind of want to watch some now. Those days were nostalgic, I loved watching shows like Twirlywoos, classic, and PJ Masks, watching cartoons actually taught me English!

It looks like that cartoons have many benefits, which I certainly think it does, but to find that out, we need to ask the following Research Question:

Research Question: How does the power of cartoons improve general things in teenagers, kids, and adults?!

Analysis: Now this part is the analysis, but instead of a traditional analysis (since this is a video, of course), I will name features and main benefits of the cartoons, along with evidence!

1.	Relieves stress
Now, this point basically means that cartoons let you “escape”, like escape a harsh reality. But keep in mind, it isn’t necessarily bad to escape once in a while, like once a day, and cartoons are a good way to escape, don’t be the type of person that uses things like vapes and stuff to escape, that’s just bad.

When I watched Unicorn Academy, I cried many times, most noticeably at the end of season/chapter 2, it was so amazing! Honestly, these positive messages that Unicorn Academy has really shows teenagers these days what being a good person is all about, kindness, friendship, love, common themes of cartoons these days and back in the day.

Cartoons are great at making us feel less lonely, and makes us smile [gentle tone here]. Laughter has so many benefits, same with just smiling, these include stimulating organs, activating and relieving the stress response of the body, soothes tension, improves out immune system, relieves pain, increases personal satisfaction, and lastly but not leastly, improves out mood!


(Dream Farm Studios!)
 









Music:

Research:
https://explodingtopics.com/blog/screen-time-for-teens
https://worldmetrics.org/cartoon-industry-statistics/#:~:text=Statistic%205,in%20the%20U.S.%20are%20adults.%22
https://hound-studio.com/blog/animation-and-neuroscience-understanding-the-psychological-impact-of-cartoons/
https://dreamfarmstudios.com/blog/11-benefits-of-animation-for-kids-adults-you-may-not-have-thought-about/#4_Marketing_Miracle
Unicorn academy French has 150 likes!!!
